ko: update & delete untranslated content for `javascript` files (#15001)
mdn/translated-content: files/ko/web/javascript/data_structures/index.md

| Type                         | `typeof` return value | Object wrapper        |
| ---------------------------- | --------------------- | --------------------- |
| [Null](#null_type)           | `"object"`            | N/A                   |
| [Undefined](#undefined_type) | `"undefined"`         | N/A                   |
| [Boolean](#boolean_type)     | `"boolean"`           | {{jsxref("Boolean")}} |
| [Number](#number_type)       | `"number"`            | {{jsxref("Number")}}  |
| [BigInt](#bigint_type)       | `"bigint"`            | {{jsxref("BigInt")}}  |
| [String](#string_type)       | `"string"`            | {{jsxref("String")}}  |
| [Symbol](#symbol_type)       | `"symbol"`            | {{jsxref("Symbol")}}  |

The object wrapper classes' reference pages contain more information about the methods and properties available for each type, as well as detailed descriptions for the semantics of the primitive types themselves.

> ### Null type

Reviewer: 제목도 번역 부탁드립니다 :)

The Null type is inhabited by exactly one value: [`null`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/null).

### Undefined type

The Undefined type is inhabited by exactly one value: [`undefined`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined).

Conceptually, `undefined` indicates the absence of a _value_, while `null` indicates the absence of an _object_ (which could also make up an excuse for [`typeof null === "object"`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Operators/typeof#typeof_null)). The language usually defaults to `undefined` when something is devoid of a value:

> - A [`return`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/return) statement with no value (`return;`) implicitly returns `undefined`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A [`return`](/ko/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/return) statement with no value (`return;`) implicitly returns `undefined`.
```

[문서 연결 경로 안내서](https://github.com/mdn/translated-content/blob/main/docs/ko/guides/translation-guide.md)에 따라 ko로 표기 부탁드립니다.

보통 DOM 노드에 데이터를 연결할 땐 해당 객체에 직접 속성을 추가하거나 `data-*` 특성을 사용하겠지만, 같은 맥락 아래에서라면 이렇게 추가한 데이터를 모든 스크립트에서 다 사용할 수 있다는 문제가 있습니다. `Map`과 `WeakMap`을 사용하면 비공개 데이터를 객체에 쉽게 바인딩 할 수 있습니다.

> ## See also

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 같이 보기
```

용어의 번역이 궁금하실 때는 [용어 안내서](https://github.com/mdn/translated-content/blob/main/docs/ko/guides/glossary-guide.md) 참고 부탁드립니다. 보통 제목은 용어 안내서에 거의 다 명시되어 있습니다.
